# JAVA8
========

JAVA8   is    invented by   wilmix  jemin j   in  Dotweb3.0 and  Java(jdk1.7)  at 2017  and  it is  focused  only  on MobileApps

for   OAKJAVA7 /(Java/j2ee) Professionals.
and  It's  Ranked  a  World No:3 Programming Language.

JAVA8(OakJava8) is focused on ADVANCED BUSINESS with Mobile Apps and Mobile WebApplication.

But JAVA8 is used by OAK(JAVA7) and JAVA/j2ee Professionals and it is focused only on Mobile APPS
and Mobile WebApplication.

Note:  Some  information  are hidden  from hackers.


JAVA8  is  focused  on   ADVANCED BUSINESS with  Wallet Mobile Apps  and  Mobile  Webapplication.

1) But  JAVA8  is used  by JAVA7.0 or  java/j2ee Professionals  and it  is focused  only on Wallet Mobile APPS.

2) JSaucer never permits and it is used only

with mobile remotewebapplication with

IPAD or IPHONE.

3) One who learn JSaucer has depth knowledge

with mobile remotewebapplication.

THE LIST OF Latest Framework and Programming Language belong to JAVA8 or interact with JAVA8

with Merits

1) JAUF -> Userfriendly and GUI Design

2) JSLASH -> As a AutoGenerated compiler with in a limited amount of time.

3) JEEWeb -> used for enterprise

4) JSHELL -> used with linux

5) JSYNC -> Async enterprise Programming used with JEEJ$

6) Odollar -> Simillar to Jdk1.7 features

7)Oplus -> Used in American It sector.

8) Tdollar -> can be used as a helper Frameworks of JAVA8 to eliminate JAVA8 demerits.

9) Wsharp -> contains shortest statements and utilities

It is the best Programming language which interact with JAVA8.

10) Petal -> It is used with VJAVA, JAVA7.0, JAVA8 professionals

11) WPLUS -> Attractive Indian latest Programming Language

12) VSlASH -> SIMILLAR to struts -spring orm Framework

13) GJAVA -> Used with google P.L

14) WHTML -> Used with AJAVA2 and HTML

15) VJAVA -> Simillar to Jdk1.6 Features.

16) ADollar -> It is used in Advanced Business and A$ is used to interact with JAVA8.

17) UWEB => it is an american and U.k Programming Language based on JAVA7 and  it is used in American and U.k sector.

18) BHTML and CSP => it is an Banking Programming Language invented in JAVA7.

19)  FRAMEWORK  SIMILLAR  to  struts ,spring ,hibernate.

20) HERE     JAVA8 .exe or  JAVA8 .dll  is used.

 
31) JAVA1.8 Advanced Business:  It  is  focused   with  JAVA8  Advanced Business.
Advanced Business  is  the  way  of  making  projects  available  at  any time.
JAVA1.8 Advanced Business  will  run    without   client.

